This is what Destiny intended from
the moment it entered the star system.
We are going to survive,
we are going to make it home.
I'm telling you, the ship
came here for a reason!
Destiny is powered by
the stars themselves.
He and Young are
bumping heads, yes.
Not sure which camp
is the better choice.
We just pretend
nothing happened.
We need to be ready
for the next encounter...
For the sake of the crew.
You dreamt you were the spy
who leaked everything about
Icarus to the Lucian alliance.
No, no, it wasn't me.
I was Colonel Telford.
We know that the Goa'uld
had brainwashing technology.
It is possible that the alliance
now has that capability.
Once you are on Earth,
you are on your own.
Whoever you are, you must be using
the ancient communication stones.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Colonel Telford would
never make such a mistake.
We know that
you are a traitor
and a murderer.
Now we know
you're a coward too.
You've found
another Icarus planet.
We're all very excited
to have Dr. Rush's
full cooperation.
Kill me and you kill Rush!
Begin venting
the atmosphere
in Colonel Telford's
quarters now.
You! Open this damn door!
We both know you're
not going to kill me.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Mr. Brody, this is Wray.
You need to restore
the atmosphere...
This is Young.
Please disregard that request.
By letting this happen,
you are participating
in not only the murder
of Colonel Telford,
but Dr. Rush as well.
Okay.
Sir, you've made
your point.
I'm not trying
to make a point.
Come on!
Open the door, sir, please...
I know what I'm doing.
What you're doing
is killing him!
I know that, Lieutenant.
Brody!
What should we do?
The Colonel's bluffing.
He's not going to kill him.
What's happening to him?
All right... no.
Sir, I cannot...
You've killed him.
Brody.
Come on, David.
David, come on.
You're all in danger.
What?
They're coming.
Who's coming?
The Lucian alliance.
They're coming to take Destiny.
Stargate Universe
s01e19 Incursion Part1
We've been informed
that this ship
faces an incursion
by armed forces of
the Lucian alliance.
The group responsible
for the attack on Icarus base.
All military
personnel on board
have been placed
on high alert.
If the enemy has acquired
the means to dial Destiny,
their point of ingress
will be the stargate.
Brody, we're clear.
So the gateroom
is off-limits.
All surrounding corridors
have been placed in lockdown.
No one may enter
without proper authorization.
I've provided
homeworld security
With intel
On the planet from which
the Lucian alliance
Intends to launch
their assault.
They're dispatching forces
as I speak.
The best-case scenario,
Earth forces
take the launch point intact
And we gain a supply line
from home.
The worst-case scenario
Is that our forces don't make it
before the attack is launched,
In which case
We'll have to deal with them
on our end.
In that event,
all non-military personnel
Will be ordered back
to your quarters,
Where you will remain
Until the situation
has been resolved.
Make no mistake...
This will be dealt with
swiftly and decisively.
Thank you. That is all.
Colonel.
Only a couple
of hours ago,
Colonel Telford admitted
to being a mole
for the Lucian alliance.
And now, suddenly,
he's on our side?
Yeah.
You trust him?
I didn't say that.
What in the hell
was that?
"What in the hell
was that, sir?"
All you had to do
was tell me.
I was keeping you out of it.
You didn't have to.
If I'd known killing him
and bringing him back
was the only way to beat that
brainwashing technology,
I'd have been
behind you 100%.
So you'll follow orders
as long as I explain
everything beforehand?
No, sir, that is not
what I meant...
That's great,
because if it was,
We'd have a problem,
Lieutenant.
Do we have a problem?
No, sir...
Good, because now
is not the time for that.
No headaches or blurred vision?
No. I told you, I'm fine.
Well, Rush is fine.
I'll find out about me
when I switch back.
Look, I really
need to go, and...
TJ.
Can you give us a minute?
Yes, sir.
Thanks.
How are you feeling, David?
Confused.
I bet.
You went the whole
nine yards.
To the brink
and back.
I had to.
You know, in my defense,
It wasn't the first thing
I tried.
Yeah. Thanks for that.
At least the brainwashing
Explains why you've been
such an ass.
I've read
the sg mission reports
Of that method being done
in the past.
I just never...
You have no idea what it's like
To remember things
that you've done
That...
Terrible things.
You weren't yourself, David.
You've got to send me back.
Not yet.
I've done all that I can
on this end...
I've already killed you once...
I'm more useful to you
in my own body
Back there with them.
You know that.
How else will you
get Rush back?
- Listen...
- get him out of there.
David, you've just come back
from the dead.
I want you to get
your strength back first.
Excuse us.
TJ.
Listen, when they come,
I want you here, safe.
Safe?
If they break containment,
there could be wounded.
We're going to need you.
What we'll need
is a real doctor.
You're up for this.
Not even close.
What are you planning to do?
Evacuate the atmosphere
in the gateroom
The minute they step through.
Kill them all, you mean.
You think I have a choice?
If you're asking
for forgiveness,
I can't help
you there either.
TJ...
I'll do my best.
You're back.
That was me.
I had to see
whether you were faking.
Well, I wasn't.
I apologize.
Back to work. I know.
Running planetary scans.
Sir, it looks like the intel
is good.
The planet's laced
with naquadria deposits.
We're also reading
a huge energy signature
Emanating from what looks like
a pyramid.
Pyramid?
That takes me back.
Unfortunately,
the complex inside
Is shielded
against beaming technology.
So Rush can't be beamed out.
No, sir,
we'll have to go in
with ground forces
from the outside.
All right, Colonel.
You have a go.
What was that?
We're under attack.
Can we dial the ninth chevron?
Not without
blowing everything up.
Dial it.
Get ready!
We're going now!
The Lucian alliance
Is an organization of humans
From a number
of sovereign planets
Who have taken control
Of the resources
and technology...
Alliance is made up
of power-hungry...
Violence as a means of
enforcing their dominion.
Leadership...
The air force video?
Yeah.
I'm just seeing if
there's anything in here
that might help.
Control a sizable army and
numerous ha'tak vessels,
or former Goa'uld
motherships...
What's he going to do?
The Colonel?
They're sending an army.
What do you think
he's going to do?
This is it.
It's happening now?
Yeah.
Go!
Radio back
when you reach the other side.
And take him
with you.
Colonel Young.
I see them, Eli.
All personnel,
report to your
designated areas.
This is not a drill.
Defense teams stand by.
Copy that. Go, go!
Which button?
This one.
How long will it take
till we reach vacuum?
A minute or so?
That's about right.
Colonel.
Defense teams stand by to
secure prisoners on my order.
Copy that.
Monitor from here,
stay on the radio.
Got it.
What happened?
Colonel?
No, no, it's me.
Rush?
Yeah.
The ship...
The Lucian alliance...
Yeah, no, we know everything.
Telford told us.
So what are we doing
about it, then?
Let's just say
It'll all be over
in a few minutes.
Get to your
quarters.
Come on.
Colonel, I'm reading
a huge energy spike.
At this rate,
they've got less than a minute
Before their core goes up.
Get our people
out of the shielded areas
And beam them back
to the ship, now!
The core
is going to go critical.
I can't stop it.
Still no signal
from the other side?
Get as many
of our people through
As you can.
Colonel, we still
have two 302s
On their way back
from the planet.
We can't wait.
Get us out of here.
Aren't we supposed to
go to our quarters?
These are my quarters.
And I'm not going anywhere.
Colonel?
They brought Rush
along with them.
We're going to have to do this
the hard way.
What did you do to the gate?
It wasn't me.
You killed over a hundred
of my men!
It was Rush!
Massin.
Massin, your
father's name.
It was my password.
Gate travel must have
severed the link.
It's me.
Telford?
Lucian alliance forces,
You are surrounded
and sealed in.
You will also find
The intel provided
by Colonel Telford
Is now useless.
Lay down your weapons
in front of the doors
And step back
into the center of the room
With your hands on your heads,
Or we will vent
the entire compartment
To space.
Can they do it?
Yes.
Then they should have.
Colonel,
they're up to something.
Talk to me.
They've got something
to open the doors!
Vent the atmosphere
in the gateroom, Brody.
Do it now.
Too late.
Take cover!
Get back!
Go!
Fall back!
Rush, you should stay here.
No, no.
The ship's under attack!
Rush!
Okay, Eli, it's time to go.
No, just wait.
No, Eli, let's go.
Now!
Yeah. Yeah.
There's an elevator this way.
Oh, God!
Go!
Rush!
Wait!
You're welcome.
Want to get the hell
out of there now?
Chloe, you've been shot.
Sorry, sorry.
See, it's okay.
You'll be... You'll be okay.
Eli...
Uh... Okay.
Hey, you'll be fine.
You'll be fine, all right?
Chloe...
Oh, my God...
I'll be right back.
Okay?
Go through this way.
Let's go!
Over here.
Colonel Young?
Who is this?
Commander Kiva
of the Lucian
alliance forces.
We will not be complying
with your request to surrender.
We barely made hyperspace.
This time it was even closer.
What about casualties?
Two of my 302s
couldn't make it back,
and if Rush was
still on the planet...
I'm sorry, Sam.
Yes, sir.
Did any of them
make it to Destiny?
I haven't heard.
Hands behind your back.
Do it!
Okay!
So much for that.
Why didn't you evacuate
the compartment to space?
That was the plan.
He didn't do it to save you.
Not me.
The connection
was severed
the minute I stepped
through the gate.
Give me the lay
of the land.
This is the gateroom.
They've also occupied
the surrounding corridors.
They had advanced further,
but they pulled back.
Just took
what they could hold
With limited manpower.
That's smart.
Once they retreated,
I locked down
the area behind them.
Given the technology
at their disposal,
It won't stop them,
But it should give us
some breathing room.
The prisoners
are being held here.
Between them and us,
30 feet of corridor
either way.
Well, the second we hit
the outside sections,
Those hostages
are as good as dead.
Colonel.
Yeah?
I've done a head count.
We have 12 missing
and presumed captured,
Including Riley, TJ,
Eli, and Chloe.
Come on!
Eli?
Hey.
What happened?
You were shot.
I stopped the bleeding.
No, you're fine.
Look up here.
Hey, look at me. Look at me.
Where are we?
I don't know.
I've never been
To this part
of the ship before.
I don't think anyone has.
I just pressed
some random buttons.
We can't get back.
I'm guessing
Someone locked out
elevator access.
Us or them?
Yeah...
That's the problem.
I just need to get to a window,
Get an idea
of where we are,
And... And then
we can walk back.
Oh... Oh, no, no, no!
I've got you.
Come on.
Come here.
Ready? Here we go.
One, two, three.
Okay... Okay.
Lean on me.
Okay.
I've got you. Ready?
Yeah.
Here you go.
Colonel Young.
Go ahead.
Here's how I see
the situation...
We have the gateroom
and some of your people,
You hold
the control interface room
Which, I'm told,
is the ship's nerve center.
What do you want?
We came here for the
same reasons you did.
We don't want to hurt anyone.
You're welcome
to stay aboard Destiny
And help us realize
the potential of her discovery.
Lay down your weapons
and join us
Or, if you prefer,
We can drop you off
At the next inhabitable world
of your choosing.
Or I vent the atmosphere
in the sections you're occupying
And keep the ship.
If you had that in you,
Colonel,
You would have done it
already.
The point is,
I have the ability
To end this conversaon
right now.
Sergeant?
She wanted to see you, sir.
Wouldn't shut up, in fact.
As you were, Sergeant.
We are way past the point
of fighting our way
out of this situation.
We need to negotiate
with these people.
And I think I should be
the one to...
Yeah, yeah.
No, I think you're right.
Him.
And her.
That's a mistake.
It's a demonstration.
All it will do
is force their hand.
Do you want control of the ship
or not?
They have
some of our people.
But we have
some of theirs.
So the first thing
we need to do
Is suggest
an exchange.
Do you think
they'll do it?
No. But I think
it's worth a shot.
This is
the control interface room.
This is the gateroom.
If we cut our way
through the wall here,
We can flank them.
I can lead a team...
That will reduce our numbers here.
We take the control
interface room,
We won't
need them here.
The ship
will be ours.
These sections
are in red.
That section of the corridor
is exposed to space.
The ship's shield
will hold
Long enough
for us to pass.
We will slowly
vent atmosphere
To space, yes,
But we could seal
the corridor again
After we've
taken the ship.
Take six men.
I'll need twice that...
Six.
And if anything goes wrong...
These three die.
Not her.
She's a medic.
We can use her in the event...
Commander Kiva.
Who is this?
My name is Camile Wray.
I am the civilian authority
aboard this ship.
I'd like to act
as an intermediary
To resolve this issue
without further bloodshed.
Colonel Young will not
transfer control of this ship
To you.
And you will?
No.
But I will expedite
a prisoner exchange...
Your people for ours.
If I release my prisoners,
Colonel Young will not hesitate
to vent this compartment.
You have 12 of our people.
We have only four of yours.
I propose
an even trade,
Four for four.
This way, you maintain
your advantage
and gain some
much-needed manpower.
Colonel Young agrees with this?
In our society,
the military takes orders
from civilian leadership.
I'll consider it.
Nice job.
That should buy us some time.
Look, you're trying
to save lives here.
Obviously that's
a good thing.
But even if she agrees
to the four, which is doubtful,
She won't go any farther
than that.
Once the equation tips
To the point
of acceptable losses...
Be
no acceptable losses...
Colonel Young has
already determined
What that number is.
He knows
The chances of us winning
without loss of life
Are practically nil.
So limit our losses,
yes, all that we can,
But eventually,
you'll have to do something...
You don't know
what you're talking about.
I've recently been one of
your acceptable losses...
You knew
what you were getting into...
You should have disconnected
the stones
And got me out!
You have no clue what
you're talking about!
Stop this now, please!
I am going to save
every one of those hostages,
and I'm going to
retake this ship.
Do you understand me?
All right, Telford
has convinced her
that he is still with them,
otherwise he would
be dead by now.
Sooner or later he
will make his move.
So... We are to
gamble this ship
and all of our lives
in the hope that some traitor
has had a change of heart.
Look at that.
I guess those elevators
go more than just
up and down.
Come on.
Right there.
You good?
Yeah.
I must have hit a few buttons
I wasn't supposed to press.
Is the air getting thin?
Life support isn't working
out here.
How do you know?
I was the one
who shut it off.
Rush's orders.
I mean, there's air.
There isn't any new
air being pumped in.
So we need
to keep moving.
Yeah.
Okay?
I don't know if I can.
No problem.
I got you.
This is my Lieutenant, varro.
Save him.
He's badly wounded.
At even the slightest hint
of trouble, Lieutenant...
I'll bring you
back, sir.
I need to speak
to general O'Neill.
Second-guessing a decision
Is a waste of time.
I'm not there.
But I'm starting to wonder
if maybe I should be.
I can't speak to that, sir.
This should be done, Colonel.
Over.
Yes, sir.
At the time, I believed
that venting the gateroom
Would kill both Dr. Rush
And Colonel Telford.
They deserved a chance...
We lost two 302 pilots
sent to stop the attack.
I'm sorry.
Colonel carter knew
she'd lose her ship
If she tried to save them,
But it was the right decision.
Yes, sir.
Are you up for this, everett?
Because somebody
will take your place
If you're not.
I'm not going to let anybody
take that ship, sir.
Then get your ass back there.
We're good.
What are you doing?
Just checking to make sure
we're headed
In the right direction.
This way.
There's no countdown.
What?
We dropped out of ftl
because someone was gating in.
Why haven't we jumped back?
Someone just
activated a console
In one of
the access corridors.
Colonel, a console
just came on
Using Telford's code.
There's a cordoned-off
section coming our way.
That's his move.
It's cold.
Really?
Okay...
We have to be careful
moving through sections.
There's a reason we've
never been out this far...
A ton of compartments
are de-pressurized.
Okay?
Thank you.
Hang on.
Okay...
Ready?
Yeah.
Okay.
More dark and gloomy.
We're good.
Gotcha.
How are you doing?
I'm doing good.
You sure?
Stand by.
Yes, sir, we're good to go.
Ready.
Just give the word, sir.
It's locked down.
I'll handle it.
Okay, get ready.
What was that?
Ready.
What happened?
You didn't do that?
What is that?
Just a minute ago
it was a man.
You need to stand down
till we figure this out.
This is Young.
Everybody stand down.
Throw me a radio.
Radio?
Three clicks,
go to channel six.
We're going to
have to try this again.
Let's stop.
I'm fine.
Eli, you don't...
Seriously,
this is nothing.
Once, I climbed the
redridge mountains
On my way to stonard
with a full pack.
Where's that?
The world
of warcraft.
That must've given you
Quite the sense
of accomplishment.
Eli...
Okay, okay...
Okay, a little break,
a little break.
Yeah.
All right, all right.
So what do you
think is happening?
We've probably won by now.
You think so?
If we won,
Then why haven't we
been rescued?
Well, first,
They have to figure out
what to do with the prisoners...
And then
There's that whole
post-victory celebration.
I mean, streamers everywhere.
I'm so tired.
You're still...
You're still losing blood.
I wasn't able to
stop it completely.
Eli...
Hey.
I'm going
to take care of you.
It wasn't them. I don't know
what happened to our man.
But I know they had
nothing to do with it.
They don't have anything
that could do that to a person.
Are you telling me
They had nothing to do
with this?
What happened?
Overload in
the power relays
Proceeded by
temporary disruption
Of all shipboard systems,
Lights
to life support.
How the hell
d they manage that?
They didn't.
Well, then, what caused it?
That's what I'm trying
to figure out.
They're making their move.
It wouldn't be
that obvious.
Colonel Young.
Would you care to tell me
what's going on?
We don't know.
One of my men is dead.
You need to know
That we had nothing
to do with that.
Yes, so I'm told.
I'm going to ask for
a show of good faith.
What do you want?
Colonel?
Lieutenant.
How are you?
I'm fine.
We're all fine.
What is it that they want?
Some of their people
are injured badly.
I'm going to need
medical supplies
to help them.
What will this accomplish?
A goodwill gesture
doesn't have to
accomplish anything.
Of course it does!
So they lack
medical supplies.
Who knows what else
they might lack?
Food? Water?
They'll get desperate,
make their move,
and when they do,
they'll be dealing
with the hostages first.
There's only one way
this is going to end
if we wait.
How do you know that?
We don't even know what's
going on with the ship!
All the more reason
to act now.
Rush is right.
We have to take them down,
and we have to
do it right now.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org